# MovieListApp
In this project listed movies with their posters and titles from themoviedb.org. Every movie has a detail page. When you press the star button in the detail page, you will add it to favorites. In list page you can change list type to grid type (or grid type to list type) with right top button. 

# Network Layer
Network layer has 3 file

Router : Router is enum type. Contains in variables for generating url and request type.

Service Layer : Sending requests with the URL generated by the router, and decoding response object for codable modals.

ServiceImplementation : Has a getMovies function. Movie modal returns when getMovies function is called by view controller. It acts as a bridge between the service layer and the View Controller.


# Extensions
Extensions has 7 files. Some important functions are

setRemoteImage (UIImageView Extension) : This function is for getting pictures on remote server and allows setting to the desired image view. Cache ( NSCache<NSNumber, UIImage>() ) used critically in this problem. Because images from remote server may have sync problem.

getPosterUrl (Movie Extension) : This function is preparing  movie poster url by movie poster_path.

isFavourite (Movie Extension) : This function checks favourite movie status from user local storage. If user has movie in local storage, returning true.

save (Array Extension) : Allows the desired list to be saved to user defaults.

fetchFavourites (Array Extension) : Fetches user saved movies.

# View Controllers
View Controllers has 2 files. Some important functions and variables are

cellWidthRatio : The variable that used when changing the collection view appearance type. Allows changing cell width.

searchBar : Is the function that making search

pageNumber : Variable specifying how many pages to fetch and view from the remote server

# Unit Tests 
testServerResponse : is the function checking server response with router (from network layer) generated url.
